Update minor-upgrades.md (#5231)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/product-upgrades/minor-upgrades.md

The upgrade process left off when it was needing three more steps. These three steps now need to be done manually.

1. Complete the installer

>     * To complete the installer, you should visit the site on its URL. it will be like `https://dev-mysite.euwest01.umbraco.io`. This will show you the installer screen, where you should insert your backoffice credentials and follow the process. It will run through a few steps, and later Umbraco will be updated to the latest version.

Reviewer: Small suggested to update the sentence structure a bit.

```suggestion
    * To complete the installer, you should visit the site: `https://dev-YOURSITE.euwest01.umbraco.io`. This will show you the installer screen, where you should insert your backoffice credentials and follow the process. It will run through a few steps, and later Umbraco will be updated to the latest version.
```
